this this guy right here though this
little two-faced Punk he is just talking
about how a hundred thieves they played
Vlad atrocious and now he's a truce he
said he said terrible that the first
week of summer split I'm joined by North
America's greatest ADC of all time who
is for some reason not on stage with
covers presentable omni / i'm a cutie
pie how's it going I'm a cutie pie
I'm pretty good dude I'm pretty happy to
be in California right now yeah for a
long time I know a lot of your friends
were trying to get you to move out here
you were hesitant for a while what
allowed you to move out here I mean
nothing really allowed me to move out
here I'm just pretty excited to be here
you know I want to be closer they'll see
us to do maybe shake it up a little bit
do something different maybe playing it
you know what I'm talking about so
pretty happy yeah because I saw a video
that said that you moved so that you
could be in the LCS but but especially
when you make fun of Peter in Paris
that's fine I don't work for a big
company right now but you I haven't seen
you on stage yet when do you go on stage
I'll be going on stage see I mean do you
believe that I could play in the LCS
yeah of course you were one of the best
ad carry's of all time you say that but
then you got a smile on your face like
yours I just dream of the day when
you'll return you know I won't keep you
waiting I did I'll go back to the LCS
when it needs me all right well I might
need you I don't know if you've seen
some of the ad carries that are in there
playing Vlad and shit like that I don't
know how are you talking about
specifically though I don't I don't want
to call anybody out
we've only watched one game today the
first game liquid who played Vlad Cody
Cody son
I sang he's terrible I know I'm saying
he's playing an unconventional ad carry
pick he was ranked he was number one
they voted him number one ad carry last
year wait wait really yeah it was him
it's van and sneaky Peter wasn't even in
the top three yeah that makes sense but
damn maybe I've been out of here for too
damn long holy shit coming is number one
yeah I think I can I mean shit
that's my Constitution what what is
you've been to LCS in a while when was
the last time you were else yes
probably like five years does it change
much or is it pretty much the same yeah
man they used to be like just some like
old movie studio whatever the hell it
was it was like no space no anything now
they got like the dog or dogs and all
that shit it's pretty crazy very
corporate yeah I like it a lot you don't
like it no I do like it
corporates a loaded word I'm just it's
there's a lot of companies here you can
get free sandwiches from that sub yeah
yeah yeah can I say the name of the
sponsor you can yeah they don't pay you
could see whatever you want I just make
it you haven't done one of these in a
while so I don't know like what's
allowed quite frankly you said far worse
things whenever I did work for a big
company your your team now I don't know
what happened to you but you're very
friendly now that fortnight's around the
block I got to be a family friendly guys
what do you think a fortnight great game
I love it
I haven't played I played it once and I
got a fucking rolled but it was
fantastic I loved it Oh Keys playing it
a lot are you gonna switch over this is
kind of a big thing these days no
probably not why did you bring up pokey
think I'm gonna be on offline TV I mean
are you I heard you're gonna be part of
the LCS I don't know if you can do
offline and LCS I'm hearing a lot of
things your videoed you had a video on
your YouTube channel that says I'm
joining the LCS that's where I heard it
I'll be honest I don't watch my YouTube
video as much anymore so now that I got
this guy like just listen discuss things
you don't watch your own videos they
just go up I just figured that they're
good enough as it is to watch him a lot
at first because they were I mean let's
be honest they're terrible like
absolutely atrocious but there's still
not that great they're still definitely
not good anymore but I mean people still
watch them so I can't complain and I
like to take a hands-off I don't know
who's second sequences but nice try Ian
I heard that's the real editor people
should be you should hit him up that
what you were just talking to doublelift
a little bit before this was a good to
catch up with your old rival yeah it's
nice to be able to talk to everyone
again I mean it's been so long since
I've been mean mostly I talked to people
in game but you know it's just like you
suck no you suck that kind of stuff so
it's nice to see him and press and be
like you suck the animals move with you
I know you have like a menagerie ya know
the animals came with me I'm at it was a
pain in the ass did a my boy here with
the special we got us both now and then
if you interviewed him that hello oh did
you hear he's looking to rejoin the LCS
I don't know how Cody's doing these days
but he's looking for a spot a few if
you're interested yeah our contracts end
next year so I pitch you in next time
just have to wait a year this this guy
right here though this little two-faced
Punk he is just talking about how a
hundred thieves they played Vlad
atrocious and now he's a truce he said
he said terrible I did not say terrible
what I said was we might need 80 seats
because the other one of these guys just
played Vlad that's not even an ATC
doesn't know what's going on that's it
was a joke about the meta this guy's a
league of Legends interviewer are you
only League of Legends I do other stuff
but mostly League of Legends he's a
league of legend interviewer he can't
even keep up with the meta come on man I
know what's happening is there a meta
aatrox was in there I haven't seen him
since you were playing - it's good as
hell yeah like that aphromoo have you
seen cutie in a while no last time we do
was a long time ago I got no sense of
time dude I'm 26 years old I'm already
dead basically here he moved back out to
Cali you guys gonna hang out maybe you
catch a movie go to the beach something
like that to catch a movie you wanna
catch a movie let's go down let's go see
The Incredibles okay let's go alright
well I don't want to keep you guys away
from your date but is there anything you
would say qt2 any of the fans out there
hey keep doing what you're doing I
haven't done an interview fucking
forever what do I say I love all you
guys thanks for doing everything that
you did love you all good afro I'll let
you say something to the fans at the end
of an interview I do with you your we're
good for now what do you want to say
what do you want to say please
twitch TV / I'm a cutie pie for your new
meta extraordinaire it's good to have
you back in the NA LCS kitty looking
back with you Travis doing interviews as
often as you did with me before it's
it's fantastic I'll catch you in 2019
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel alright so
that interview sense I want to say thank
you so much - mommy / for the support
and guess what summer split which means
it's summer at least if you're in this
part of the world and you know it's so
cool you can go out you can go to the
beach we can hang out you can do a
barbecue you can play traditional sports
you can do whatever you want but you
shouldn't do that alright don't do that
just watch my interviews watch all of
them put them on a playlist watch them
on repeat go watch my old content on
this channel just don't do anything
except for watch these interviews make
sure you subscribe so you can do that
alright none of this summer bullshit